---
layout: post
title: "GitHub Admin Training (GitHub Enterprise Server)"
parameterized_name: test
description: "Prepare your GitHub Enterprise Server Administrators to maintain a healthy, scalable GitHub environment that supports the needs of your development team."
---

## Overview

The GitHub Accelerator Extension is a one week engagement leveraging the knowledge from a prior GitHub Accelerator engagement. It can be used to rapidly onboard additional team(s)/application(s) onto GitHub leveraging best practices and your organization’s requirements. It can also be used to extend an existing GitHub Accelerator to address specific team complexities and custom requirements. The GitHub Accelerator Extension pairs a senior DevOps Architect with your team to implement patterns and processes in a production environment.

## Target Audience

* Customers on a trial
* New customers
* Existing customers
* Cross functional teams

## Key Features and Benefits

* Apply existing organization configuration and compliance requirements
* Evaluate, refine and implement DevOps best practices with your target team
* Guide through migrations, integrations and extensions necessary to optimize GitHub in your environment

## Delivery Methods

### Online

Full time for one week Monday-Friday; times are negotiated with the target customer team. This is generally 6+ hours daily sharing screens in addition to after-hours time for administration, custom work and customer-specific research.

### Onsite

Full time for one week Monday-Friday; times are negotiated with the target customer team. This is generally 6+ hours daily face-to-face in addition to after-hours time for administration, custom work and customer-specific research.

## Syllabus

This engagement is almost entirely hands-on by your team in your environment with guidance from our architects. All Accelerators Extensions perform a current state review, build a prioritized backlog, and collaboratively implement that backlog. At the end of the session, your team can share their achievements. The GitHub Architect can share their assessment and provide recommendations for ongoing adoption and improvements.

## Learning Outcomes/Business Outcomes

After this engagement, the target team will implement your top priority DevOps practices leveraging your environment and code. This team and the related assets can be referenced as you roll out other teams.

## Prerequisites

* Completion of an existing GitHub Accelerator or GitHub FastTrack engagement
* Committed customer team for the duration of this engagement. This is frequently developers from a team supporting one of your applications/services, Center of Excellence representatives, build engineers and/or GitHub administrators.
* As needed customer participation for related roles (e.g., system/cloud/network administrators, security, etc.)
